# Coder's Computer #
In this lesson we covered various topics all related to your computer's software. These topics include picking a text editor for your code, learning the basics of the command line, and navigating the command line. These all all very essential for a programmer to understand.

## The Editor ##
The proper text editor is important for your ability to code. As was previously discussed in the passage there is no one editor to rule them all. The most improtant thing is finding the proper editor for yourself. What works best for you? There are some editors that are plain jane that have no special features, There are some free editors that come with all the fixins'. And there are also IDE's that have built in features such as debuggers and compilers. An example of a plain editor is Notepad or Text Edit. These are basically bare bones editors that can help get the job done but they lack the features that can improve efficiency when writing code. hese are built in with the computer. The other option falls into the third party category which can be downloaded. An example of this would be VS Code. Ths is personally what I use. It has cool features such as code completion which acts like your long lost best friend or twin and finishes your sentences for you. It also has syntax highlighting which basically alters what the code looks like and distinguishes it from other code to make it stand out. and the themes can also be altered to diminish some of the stain on your eyes.

## The Command Line Basics ##
The command line is basicially how you tell the computer to do what you want without using the GUI. If you want to access a specific folder you simply type the proper characters in the command prompt and its like magic it follows instructions. There are different instructions that can be given to get the desired results. For instance to navigate to a specific folder or directory you would use a path to get you there by using the "/" symbol or to move backwards you would use the "." symbol. you can also look in the directories or folders by usung the "ls" command and it'll display whats inside the folder for you. The command lines can be tricky but it's worth it to learn all you can.
[III. Git Intro](https://marco-senpai.github.io/git-intro.github.io/)
